hey guys it's Neil and I'm going to walk
you through the new voice designer tool
on kits AI The Voice designer is an easy
tool to create a custom voice from
scratch without having to provide any
audio data now I'm on The Voice designer
page and as you can see there's a few
options I can choose the gender and
style of the voice I want to create is
on the left and there's a controller
under right where I can make more
adjustments to the voice tber for
example a powerful voice would sound
like
[Music]
this a bey voice would sound like this
baby don't know what it's
like and a warm voice would sound like
this baby don't know what
it's you can expand with endless
combinations of these qualities and get
the voice you're looking for quickly and
easily with this designer tool since I'm
looking for a mail pop voice for my
track I'm going to select these two
options and since I want a voice which
has more breath I'm going to move this
adjuster all the way here to really amp
up that quality once you all set hit
create a voice and your personalized
custom voice will be ready in 2 to 5
minutes so I use this completed voice to
take my audio from
this to
this with the voice designer you can mix
and match custom voices in minutes
bypassing the Long training times and
data needed for traditional voice
Creation The Voice designer is a
powerful tool with endless possibilities
and I'm excited to see what you create